You're sorry.
The time the president appears at each camp
It's too coincidental with your appearance.
Could it be that
He is the murderer who wants to take over Nangong Corporation and its mortal enemy
He doesn't have that brain
There is no black hand behind the scenes
Keep checking
President, you are pretending to have amnesia
Do you really want to hide it from your wife?
Now the group is in danger
Not knowing is the best way to protect her
You really want to be wronged before you find that person
Madam Nangong's
As expected of legend
The Iron Lady Who Founded Nangong Group
It was extraordinary.
Mom, who's your mom?